{
  "industry": "Any Industry",
  "raw_jd": "Job Title: WCS Technical Specialist\nLocation: N/A\nCountry: India\nExperience Required: N/A\n\nPrimary Skills: N/A\nSecondary Skills: N/A\n\nJob Description:\nAbout HCL HCLTech is a global technology company, spread across 60 countries, delivering industry-leading capabilities centered around digital, engineering, cloud and AI, powered by a broad portfolio of technology services and products. We work with clients across all major verticals, providing industry solutions for Financial Services, Manufacturing, Life Sciences and Healthcare, Technology and Services, Telecom and Media, Retail and CPG, and Public Services. We’re powered by our people - a global, diverse, multi-generational talent - representing 161 nationalities whose unique spark, perspective and boundless passion drive our culture of proactive value creation and problem-solving.Our purpose is to bring together the best of technology and our people to supercharge progress for everyone, everywhere - our clients, partners, their stakeholders, communities, and the planet. As a company, we are deeply focused on accelerating our ESG agenda. We are also creating technology-enabled sustainable solutions with and for our clients and partners. We embed ESG imperatives into every aspect of our business and ensure that the progress we supercharge is responsible, inclusive and beneficial to all our stakeholders in the long term. We have committed to achieving net zero by 2040.To learn more about how we can supercharge progress for you, visit www.hcltech.comJob Summary The Technical Specialist for WebSphere Commerce Server, Java will be responsible for managing and optimizing the WebSphere Commerce Server platform while ensuring seamless integration with Java applications. The role involves implementing and maintaining the technical infrastructure, troubleshooting issues, and collaborating with cross functional teams to deliver high-quality solutions.Key Responsibilities 1. Manage and administer the websphere commerce server platform, including installation, configuration, and performance tuning.2. Develop, customize, and support java applications integrated with the websphere commerce server.3. Troubleshoot and resolve technical issues related to websphere commerce server and java applications.4. Collaborate with stakeholders to understand business requirements and provide technical solutions.5. Implement security measures and ensure compliance with industry standards.6. Perform system upgrades and enhancements to optimize performance and functionality.Skill Requirements 1. Proficiency in websphere commerce server platform administration and configuration.2. Strong experience in java programming and development.3. Knowledge of database management and integration with websphere commerce server.4. Understanding of web technologies such as html, css, and javascript.5. Familiarity with system monitoring and performance optimization tools.6. Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills.7. Strong communication and collaboration abilities.Must Have Skills IBM WebSphere CommerceJavaGood to have Skills Other Requirements\n\nAdditional Requirements:\nNone"
}