Industry: Technology
Senior Technical Lead (AI-DL–ML) Job Role & responsibilities • Understand operational needs by collaborating with client specialized teams • Formalize needs into mathematical models and problems • Explore databases (including very big databases, in tables or unstructured, including open ones) to mine patterns • Choose relevant techniques and create data processing solutions for the identified needs • Present and promote the solutions to the relevant stakeholders • Implement and deliver solutions by contributing individually as well as leading teams • Manage and transmit knowledge through appropriate documentation and events (training courses, seminar, blog posts, etc.) Qualifications • Master’s or Bachelor’s Degree in STEM fields or quantitative discipline (Statistics, Economics, Data Science, Business Analytics) • Minimum 7+ years of experience as a Data Scientist developing and deploying Data Science, AI, ML, DL projects in Azure cloud • Minimum 7+ years of coding skills in programming languages (Python, R, Java/ Scala) • Deep understanding and hands-on experience with ML and DL Algorithms. • Experience of working with large data sets and developing scalable solutions. Mandatory Skills • Minimum 7+ years of hands-on professional experience in machine learning (ML), deep learning (DL) and artificial intelligence (AI) • Minimum 7+ years of coding skills in programming languages (required: Python; appreciated: R, Java/ Scala), SQL • 5+ years of proficiency in popular ML frameworks (TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras, MXNet, Theano, Sklearn, Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, etc.) • Deliver end to end Data Science projects including understanding of business requirements, exploratory data analysis, data processing, aggregating data, feature engineering & selection, building, validating, and deploying predictive models, explaining model results and insights to client/stakeholders • Proficiency in AI, ML, DL techniques such as regression, classification, segmentation, anomaly and novelty detection, dimensionality reduction, tree-based algorithms, support vector machine, recommender system, attribution modelling to address business problems. • Deep understanding of neural networks, deep learning, and generative models (e. g., RNNs, CNNs, LSTMs, GANs, VAEs, etc.). • Experience with 2-3 ML/DL model deployment in Azure (AzureML, Databricks, etc) is preferable • Ability to work independently and deal with ambiguity. • Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. • Excellent presentation and communication skills. • Strong written and verbal communication skills. • Highly motivated and collaborative team player with strong interpersonal skills Good To Have Skills • Experience in Time-Series Analytics and NLP – good to have • Hands-on in visualization tools like PowerBI, Tableau, Qlikview – good to have • Familiarity with cloud platforms such as AWS/GCP and the ability to develop solutions within these environments, is considered an added advantage. • Knowledge and hands-on in MLOps concepts and the ability to navigate through MLOps lifecycles are additional skills. • Proficiency in developing applications leveraging Generative AI and Large Language Models (LLM) using frameworks such as Langchain and Llama-Index is advantageous.
