{
  "industry": "Any Industry",
  "raw_jd": "Job Title: Tech lead Java, Node.js, Microservices\nLocation: N/A\nCountry: Portugal\nExperience Required: N/A\n\nPrimary Skills: Microservices,Node.js,Amazon Web Services (AWS),Java\nSecondary Skills: MySQL\n\nJob Description:\nAbout HCL HCLTech is a global technology company, spread across 60 countries, delivering industry-leading capabilities centered around digital, engineering, cloud and AI, powered by a broad portfolio of technology services and products. We work with clients across all major verticals, providing industry solutions for Financial Services, Manufacturing, Life Sciences and Healthcare, Technology and Services, Telecom and Media, Retail and CPG, and Public Services. We’re powered by our people - a global, diverse, multi-generational talent - representing 161 nationalities whose unique spark, perspective and boundless passion drive our culture of proactive value creation and problem-solving.Our purpose is to bring together the best of technology and our people to supercharge progress for everyone, everywhere - our clients, partners, their stakeholders, communities, and the planet. As a company, we are deeply focused on accelerating our ESG agenda. We are also creating technology-enabled sustainable solutions with and for our clients and partners. We embed ESG imperatives into every aspect of our business and ensure that the progress we supercharge is responsible, inclusive and beneficial to all our stakeholders in the long term. We have committed to achieving net zero by 2040.To learn more about how we can supercharge progress for you, visit www.hcltech.comJob Summary The Technical Lead at HCL will be responsible for overseeing the Java, Node.JS, Microservices, and Amazon Web Services development projects. This role involves leading a team of developers to ensure successful project delivery and adherence to best practices in software development.Key Responsibilities 1. Lead and manage a team of java and node.js developers, providing technical guidance and support throughout the project lifecycle.2. Design, develop, and deploy scalable and reliable microservices architecture using java, node.js, and aws technologies.3. Collaborate with cross functional teams to ensure seamless integration of different modules and services.4. Implement best practices for code quality, performance optimization, and security within the projects.5. Provide technical expertise in troubleshooting and problem resolution to meet project milestones and deadlines.6. Stay updated with the latest trends and advancements in java, node.js, microservices, and aws to drive innovation within the team.Skill Requirements 1. Proficient in java programming language and development frameworks.2. Strong knowledge and experience in node.js development for backend services.3. Handson experience in designing and implementing microservices architecture.4. In-depth understanding of amazon web services (aws) cloud services and deployment strategies.5. Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to think analytically.6. Strong communication and leadership skills to effectively manage a team and collaborate with stakeholders.7. Proven track record of delivering high-quality software solutions within the specified timelines.Must Have Skills MicroservicesNode.jsAmazon Web Services (AWS)JavaGood to have Skills Other Requirements\n\nAdditional Requirements:\nNone"
}