Industry: 
Senior
Mechanical Engineer 
Job Description: The Sr. Mechanical Engineer is responsible for assisting and/or leading the development of medical devices employed in various types of endoscopic surgeries. The primary responsibilities of this role include supporting all phases of device development, in particular the identification and evaluation of design options, the definition of product / performance specifications, and design verification and validation activities. Within a collaborative team environment, it will be expected that he or she will be a proactive communicator, collaborate well with others, manage their work efficiently, produce high quality work and consistently seek additional knowledge and skills. Creation of technical data, data analysis, and subsequent reporting will be an important aspect of this role, as well as helping to generate all documents / deliverables that will comprise the Design History File; therefore, a working knowledge of FDA/EUMDR Design Controls is required. May provide leadership and direction to Engineering Technicians.
Job Duties: • Provides technical leadership, and/or significant contributions, to product development projects and/or technology development efforts. • Contributes to all aspects of product development activities and product Design History Files, such as requirements creation/documentation, ideation / prototyping, design / development documentation, technical risk mitigation, verification testing and reports, design validation studies, risk management documentation, design reviews, and supports the compilation of documents to enable regulatory submissions. • Develops engineering solutions, investigates competing technologies. • Supports or leads efforts to evaluate and identify design solutions which will meet product/performance requirements, cost targets, and manufacturability requirements. • Develops product verification and validation testing requirements, authors testing protocols and reports to ensure products meet and/or exceed established specifications. • Employs statistical techniques to establish exceptional product quality, reliability, and robustness. • Supports in ensuring product and performance specifications are appropriate and accurate.· • Supports internal and external suppliers and manufacturers as needed. (Including external design and/or development partners. • Supports marketing in the planning and creation of technical brochures, training programs, and technical presentations to customers and the sales force. Supports engineering leadership as required.
Job Qualifications:
Required:· • Bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering (
Added Advantage: reputed Institutions like IITs/NITs/Equivalent).· • 5-15 years of related experience or minimum 5 years of related experience in any OEM of Medical devices with MS or 2 years with PhD.
Preferred: • Experience in Medical Device development and/or sustaining engineering efforts utilizing a stage-gate process. • Experience in handheld electro-mechanical devices is preferred. • Working knowledge of, and experience in applying, FDA/EUMDR Design Controls and international standards (e. g., Design Controls, 820-CFR, ISO14971, ISO10993, IEC60601, GMP, etc.). • Capable of developing many of the deliverables required to document the product design with appropriate specificity to enable high volume manufacturing with high quality. • Proficient in Microsoft Windows Office applications including MS Outlook, MS Powerpoint, MS Project, Visio, etc. Solidworks/CREO/UG NX working knowledge. • Proficient in the creation and critical review of engineering drawings, tolerancing and tolerance analysis. • Knowledge of common manufacturing methodologies, technologies, and materials employed in medical devices.
