Industry: Any Industry
Job Title: Developer with . net, asp. net, c#
Location: N/A
Country:
India 
Experience Required: N/A
Primary Skills: C#, ASP. Net,.
Net 
Secondary Skills: N/A
Job Description: About HCL HCLTech is a global technology company, home to more than 223,400 people across 60 countries, delivering industry-leading capabilities centered around digital, engineering, cloud and AI, powered by a broad portfolio of technology services and products. We work with clients across all major verticals, providing industry solutions for Financial Services, Manufacturing, Life Sciences and Healthcare, Technology and Services, Telecom and Media, Retail and CPG, and Public Services. We deliver holistic services across industry verticals to leading enterprises, including 250 of the Fortune 500 and 650 of the Global 2000. Consolidated revenues as of 12 months ending June 2023 totaled $12.8 billion. To learn how we can supercharge progress for you, visit hcltech.com.
Website: http://www.hcltech.com Job Summary The Developer with expertise in . net, asp. net, and c# will be responsible for designing, developing, and implementing software solutions using these technologies. The primary objective is to contribute to the development of high-quality applications that meet the needs of the business and clients. Good to Have Skill Key Responsibilities - Develop software solutions using . net, asp. net, and c# programming languages.- Participate in all phases of the software development life cycle including requirements analysis, design, coding, testing, and deployment.- Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features.- Troubleshoot, debug, and upgrade existing systems to ensure optimal performance.- Write clean, scalable code following best practices.- Stay updated on industry trends and advancements in . net, asp. net, and c# development. Skill Requirements - Proficiency in . net framework, asp. net, and c# programming language.- Strong understanding of object-oriented programming principles.- Experience with SQL Server and database design.- Familiarity with front-end technologies such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.- Ability to work in a team environment and independently.- Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills.- Good communication and interpersonal abilities. Other Requirements -
Certifications: Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer (MCSD) certification is preferred but not mandatory required.
Additional Requirements: None
