{
  "industry": "Any Industry",
  "raw_jd": "Job Title: Senior ERP Specialist\nLocation: N/A\nCountry: Saudi Arabia\nExperience Required: N/A\n\nPrimary Skills: Microservices,Vue JS,Java\nSecondary Skills: N/A\n\nJob Description:\nJob Summary   The Senior Technical Specialist will be responsible for leading and overseeing the development and implementation of Java, Microservices, and VueJS projects. The role involves designing, coding, and testing complex software applications and providing technical expertise to ensure the successful delivery of projects.   Good to Have Skill      Key Responsibilities    1. Lead the development and implementation of java, microservices, and vuejs projects from concept to completion.2. Design and develop high-quality software applications using java, microservices, and vuejs technologies.3. Collaborate with cross functional teams to define project requirements and timelines.4. Conduct code reviews, troubleshoot issues, and provide technical guidance to team members.5. Stay updated on industry trends and best practices in java, microservices, and vuejs development.6. Ensure compliance with coding standards, security protocols, and project documentation requirements.   Skill Requirements    1. Proficient in java programming language with a strong understanding of object-oriented design principles.2. Handson experience in developing and deploying microservices based applications using frameworks like spring boot.3. Solid knowledge of vuejs framework for building responsive and interactive web interfaces.4. Experience with restful api design and development.5. Familiarity with cloud platforms and ci/cd pipelines for automated software deployment.6. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to troubleshoot complex technical issues.7. Excellent communication and teamwork abilities to collaborate with internal teams and stakeholders effectively.   Other Requirements  1. Relevant certifications in Java, Microservices, VueJS are a plus.\n\nAdditional Requirements:\nNone"
}