{
  "raw_jd": "Job Title: Fellow (DFS)\nLocation: N/A\nCountry: India\nExperience Required: N/A\n\nPrimary Skills: HP UX\nSecondary Skills: Java\n\nJob Description:\nAbout HCL HCLTech is a global technology company, spread across 60 countries, delivering industry-leading capabilities centered around digital, engineering, cloud and AI, powered by a broad portfolio of technology services and products. We work with clients across all major verticals, providing industry solutions for Financial Services, Manufacturing, Life Sciences and Healthcare, Technology and Services, Telecom and Media, Retail and CPG, and Public Services. We’re powered by our people - a global, diverse, multi-generational talent - representing 161 nationalities whose unique spark, perspective and boundless passion drive our culture of proactive value creation and problem-solving.Our purpose is to bring together the best of technology and our people to supercharge progress for everyone, everywhere - our clients, partners, their stakeholders, communities, and the planet. As a company, we are deeply focused on accelerating our ESG agenda. We are also creating technology-enabled sustainable solutions with and for our clients and partners. We embed ESG imperatives into every aspect of our business and ensure that the progress we supercharge is responsible, inclusive and beneficial to all our stakeholders in the long term. We have committed to achieving net zero by 2040.To learn more about how we can supercharge progress for you, visit www.hcltech.comJob Summary To lead client solution advisory on areas where the principal has thought leadership| to help HCL construct compelling solutions in a bid and develop a pipeline of talent.To lead clientsolution advisory with a focus on thought leadership, assisting HCL in crafting compelling bid solutions and cultivating a talent pipeline.Key Responsibilities 1. To lead and help build the existing or incubate a service line.2. To work with Vertical Sales teams for large deal and transformational proposals.3. To create and manage relationship with customer.4. To represent in the industry forums and Events and contribute towards white/technical papers, Patents and knowledge base.5. To ensure knowledge up-gradation and work with new and emerging products/technologiesSkill Requirements Must Have Skills Good to have Skills Other Requirements\n\nAdditional Requirements:\nNone",
  "industry": "Any Industry"
}