{
  "industry": "Any Industry",
  "raw_jd": "Job Title: SeniorAdministrator - Monitoring Tools, Event Monitoring\nLocation: Vijayawada\nCountry: India\nExperience Required: N/A\n\nPrimary Skills: Monitoring Tool - Others,Event Monitoring,IT Support Monitoring,Contact Center Operations,Job/Batch Scheduling,Computer Network Operations\nSecondary Skills: N/A\n\nJob Description:\nJob Summary   The Sr Administrator in Support &amp; Operations plays a crucial role in delivering advanced technical support and operational excellence. This position is responsible for troubleshooting complex incidents, conducting root cause analysis, and implementing effective solutions. By ensuring adherence to quality standards and regulatory requirements, the role significantly contributes to customer satisfaction and the overall security posture of the organization.   Key Responsibilities    1. Provide Advanced Technical Support By Analyzing And Troubleshooting Complex Incidents Using Monitoring Tools And Event Management Systems, Ensuring Timely Resolution And Adherence To Slas.2. Conduct Root Cause Analysis For Escalated Incidents, Implementing Effective Solutions To Resolve Technical And Security Issues In Collaboration With Cross-Functional Teams.3. Engage In Value-Adding Activities Such As Updating And Managing The Knowledge Base, Training New Team Members, And Coaching Analysts To Enhance Team Performance.4. Monitor System Performance And Security Alerts Through Integrated Command Center Tools, Ensuring Proactive Incident Management And Seamless Operations.5. Drive Positive Customer Experiences By Achieving First Call Resolution And Actively Managing Ticket Resolutions To Minimize Reopens And Enhance Overall Csat Scores.   Skill Requirements    1. Advanced Proficiency In Monitoring And Event Management Tools.2. Strong Understanding Of It Support Processes And Incident Management Frameworks.3. Familiarity With Security Best Practices And Technical Troubleshooting Methodologies.4. Excellent Analytical And Problem-Solving Skills, With The Ability To Work Under Pressure.5. Effective Communication And Collaboration Skills To Liaise With Multiple Support Teams.  Must Have Skill    Computer Network Operations,Contact Center Operations,Event Monitoring,Monitoring Tool - Others,IT Support Monitoring,Job/Batch Scheduling  Good to Have Skill       Other Requirements  1. Itil Foundation Certification (Optional But Valuable).2. Relevant Technical Certifications In Monitoring Tools Or Network Operations (Optional But Valuable)\n\nAdditional Requirements:\nNone"
}