{
  "raw_jd": "Job Title: Developer Java, Microservices, VueJS\nLocation: N/A\nCountry: United States\nExperience Required: N/A\n\nPrimary Skills: Microservices,Vue JS,Java\nSecondary Skills: Gear Design\n\nJob Description:\nAbout HCL HCLTech is a global technology company, spread across 60 countries, delivering industry-leading capabilities centered around digital, engineering, cloud and AI, powered by a broad portfolio of technology services and products. We work with clients across all major verticals, providing industry solutions for Financial Services, Manufacturing, Life Sciences and Healthcare, Technology and Services, Telecom and Media, Retail and CPG, and Public Services. We’re powered by our people - a global, diverse, multi-generational talent - representing 161 nationalities whose unique spark, perspective and boundless passion drive our culture of proactive value creation and problem-solving.Our purpose is to bring together the best of technology and our people to supercharge progress for everyone, everywhere - our clients, partners, their stakeholders, communities, and the planet. As a company, we are deeply focused on accelerating our ESG agenda. We are also creating technology-enabled sustainable solutions with and for our clients and partners. We embed ESG imperatives into every aspect of our business and ensure that the progress we supercharge is responsible, inclusive and beneficial to all our stakeholders in the long term. We have committed to achieving net zero by 2040.To learn more about how we can supercharge progress for you, visit www.hcltech.comJob Summary This position involves working as a Developer with expertise in Java, Microservices, and VueJS. The role focuses on developing and maintaining applications using these technologies, ensuring high performance, security, and scalability.Key Responsibilities 1. Develop and implement scalable and secure java applications2. Design and develop microservices architecture to enhance application performance3. Utilize vuejs for creating interactive user interfaces and frontend development4. Collaborate within team to gather and analyze requirements5. Troubleshoot and debug applications to ensure optimal functionality6. Stay updated on industry trends and advancements in java, microservices, and vuejs technologiesSkill Requirements 1. Knowledge of java programming language and frameworks2. Familiarity with developing and deploying microservices using industry standard tools3. Knowledge of vuejs for frontend development and creating responsive web applications4. Ability to work in an agile environment and collaborate effectively with team members5. Good problem-solving skills and attention to detail6. Good communication skills and ability to explain technical concepts to nontechnical stakeholdersMust Have Skills MicroservicesVue JSJavaGood to have Skills Other Requirements 1. Relevant certifications in Java, Microservices, or VueJS are a plus\n\nAdditional Requirements:\nNone",
  "industry": "Any Industry"
}