{
  "raw_jd": "Job Title: SAP Consultant Department: Information Technology Location: Information not provided Objective: Collaborate with clients to identify business requirements and develop SAP solutions to meet their needs. Design, configure, and implement SAP modules and solutions, including SAP FICO, MM, SD, PP, and/or other relevant modules. Act as the subject matter expert and solution architect in S/4 HANA sales, with in-depth knowledge of EDI setup. Primary Responsibilities: Collaborate with our global accounts, customers, and other vendors/teams to set up their EDI solutions for sales operations. Develop, implement, and maintain project plans, timelines, and budgets. Ensure smooth and on-time completion of project deliverables within the decided scope and budget. Analyze and document business processes and identify areas for improvement. Provide technical support, training, and troubleshooting to end-users for SAP. Stay up to date with the latest SAP technologies, tools, and best practices. Participate in project meetings and give regular updates to project stakeholders. Perform testing (UAT/UNIT/REGRESSION) and training sessions. Required Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field. 5+ years of experience in implementing and supporting SAP solutions. Strong knowledge of SAP FICO, MM, SD, PP, and other major modules. Experience with project management methodologies such as Agile or Waterfall. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to work individually and collaborate with a team. Preferred Qualifications: Interface knowledge with SAP and Non-SAP systems. Relevant certifications like SAP Certified Technology Associate and SAP Certified Development Associate. Exposure and hands-on in PP configuration, customizing, and deployment. Awareness of the latest SAP technologies, tools, and best practices. Skill & Competencies: Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to work individually and collaborate with a team. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Ability to manage multiple tasks and projects simultaneously. Strong organizational and time management skills. Industry Specific Skills: In-depth knowledge of EDI setup. Expertise in S/4 HANA sales. Familiarity with SAP FICO, MM, SD, PP, and other major modules. Experience with project management methodologies such as Agile or Waterfall. Benefits: Attractive compensation packages, comprehensive benefits, and advancement opportunities within the company. Company Culture: Information not provided",
  "industry": ""
}