{
  "industry": "Any Industry",
  "raw_jd": "Job Title: Workday Lead Technical Consultant - EIB\nLocation: Madurai\nCountry: India\nExperience Required: N/A\n\nPrimary Skills: Workday (Technical) - Workday Studio,Workday Enterprise Interface Builder (EIB)\nSecondary Skills: N/A\n\nJob Description:\nJob Summary   Responsible for providing expertise in Workday (Technical) Workday Studio and Workday (Technical) EIB, the Lead Consultant will play a crucial role in delivering technical solutions and support within the Workday environment. The position entails working on enhancements, integrations, and configurations to meet business requirements efficiently.   Key Responsibilities    1. Develop and customize workday studio integrations to streamline data flows and support business processes.2. Design, build, and maintain eib (enterprise interface builder) solutions for data migration and system integrations.3. Collaborate with stakeholders to gather requirements for technical solutions and provide recommendations.4. Troubleshoot and resolve technical issues within the workday environment, ensuring system stability.5. Conduct testing and validation of workday configurations to guarantee system functionality.6. Stay updated on workday platform updates and recommend best practices for system optimization.   Skill Requirements    1. Proficient in workday (technical) workday studio for designing and implementing integrations.2. Experience in creating and managing workday (technical) eib configurations for data management.3. Strong understanding of workday data structures and reporting functionalities.4. Ability to translate business requirements into technical solutions within the workday ecosystem.5. Excellent analytical skills with a problem-solving attitude.6. Good communication skills to interact with stakeholders and team members effectively.  Must Have Skill    Workday (Technical) - Workday Studio,Workday Enterprise Interface Builder (EIB)  Good to Have Skill       Other Requirements  1.Workday Studio and EIB certifications are preferred.\n\nAdditional Requirements:\nNone"
}