Industry: Technology
As a Generative AI Engineer, you will be responsible for designing and implementing complex generative AI solutions. You will collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, including data scientists, software engineers, and project managers, to develop state-of-the-art generative models that address unique business challenges. This role requires a deep understanding of generative AI and deep learning techniques, strong technical expertise, and exceptional problem-solving abilities. Additionally, you will be responsible for managing a team of AI-ML engineers, providing technical guidance, and fostering a collaborative and innovative work environment. RESPONSIBILITIES: • Develop and contribute to end-to-end architecture of highly scalable, distributed machine learning solutions for AI/ML/DL/NLP platforms. • Contribute to the research and development of advanced generative AI models such as LLM’s , SLM’s including GANs, VAEs, autoregressive models, and novel architectures. • Deployment of generative AI models, frameworks, and algorithms into scalable REST API services . • Conduct research and stay up-to-date with the latest advancements in generative AI to ensure our solutions are at the forefront of the industry. • Perform code reviews, identify areas for improvement, and optimize AI models for efficiency and scalability. • Collaborate with data scientists and engineers to preprocess and curate datasets suitable for AI applications. • Continuously evaluate and improve the performance, accuracy, and reliability of Deep learning and AI models through experimentation and iteration. • Work collaboratively with engineering and product development teams and cross-functional partners to ensure timely and successful delivery of generative AI projects, meeting Alstom’s expectations. EDUCATION: B. Tech./ B. E./M. E./M. Tech./M. S. in Computer Science, Information Technology, EE, EEE. BEHAVIORAL COMPETENCIES: • Be Innovative and demonstrate to peers and implement in creation of code libraries, reusable codes, and model-based developments. • Analytical mind and business acumen and Problem-solving aptitude • Demonstrate excellent communication skills and able to guide, influence and convince others in a matrix organization. • Team Player. TECHNICAL COMPETENCIES & EXPERIENCE: • Proven experience 6+ working in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, recommendation systems, pattern recognition, NLP, data mining or artificial intelligence. • Proven track record of designing and implementing deep learning AI solutions, preferably in an industry setting. • Strong programming skills in languages such as Python, TensorFlow, PyTorch, and frameworks such as LlamaIndex, LangChain and Haystack used in language model development. • In-depth knowledge of generative AI techniques, including but not limited to generative adversarial networks (GANs), variational auto-encoders (VAEs), and deep reinforcement learning. • Experience in data mining, Text Mining, working and creating data architectures • Experience in Microsoft Azure cloud platform • Exposure to CI/CD, Devops , Docker and Kubernetes • Experience in building chatbots, Q & A bots • Strong mathematics skills (e. g. statistics, algebra, probability) • Experience in cloud services e. g. PaaS and SaaS, Rest API, serverless functions • Experience in Compute Engines, VM, Containers and GPU servers. • Experience working using Agile-based principles and tools • Excellent problem-solving abilities and the ability to architect innovative solutions to complex business challenges. • Knowledge of Ontology is an asset • Experience in Computer Vision is a plus. LANGUAGE & SKILLS: • Proficient in English language • Good written and Verbal communication skill
Job Location : Noida
