Industry: Any
Job Title: ASSOCIATE CONSULTANT
Location: Arizona (Client Location)
Country: USA
Experience Required: 8 years
Primary Skills: LINUX
Secondary Skills: LINUX
Job Description: Key responsibilities: • This position will be part of a talented team that is responsible for the growth, ongoing maintenance and development of a large-scale server farm running primarily on Linux and UNIX. • Provide Level 2 support for complex system and applications, rolling out new systems, maintaining, migrating, upgrading and improving the long-term performance of the systems. • Perform as a senior member of the systems administration team to support the installation, optimization, integration, troubleshooting, backup, recovery, modification, security, and upgrading of IT systems and components to provide services that enable customers to effectively apply IT to business requirements. • Have knowledge of tools and mechanisms for distributing new or upgraded software to ensure customers receive current versions of supported software, as they become available. • Shall be able to work with other senior staff to recommend and design systems architecture and topology from both general and specific perspectives. Provide L3 support on a on-call support rotation model • Identifying recommended and security patches for our platforms • Testing the deployment of identified patch bundles and application integration Scripting • As part of the role, you will be required to work in shifts (24*7) Capabilities &
Requirements: Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering or equivalent experience in IT 7-10 years of progressive experience in support & engineering capacities • The ideal candidate must be a self-starter with strong work habits and have mid-level career experience in maintaining large numbers of UNIX servers. • Experience with administering servers and storage within Azure cloud environments and OCI (Oracle Cloud) • Deep Understanding of UNIX/Linux Fundamentals and concepts. • Extensive System Administration experience with RedHat, OEL, AIX, Solaris and other Linux flavours • Experience in managing VERITAS cluster servers (VCS) – good to have • Hands on experience with HP and Dell bare metal server deployments • Proven experience in VMWARE running large scale Virtualized environments • Scripting experience, specifically with Ruby/Perl and shell scripting language to automate existing and workloads and routine system admin tasks. • Experience with Chef / Puppet /CfEngine will be a big plus. • In-depth knowledge of TCP/IP, BIND, LDAP and other core technologies such as Sendmail, NTP, TCP/IP, FCIP, iSCSI, SAN, NAS etc. • Experience in resolving complex issues related to Break-fix Performance tuning and deployments. • Extensive troubleshooting skills with Linux, network in complex App and DB environments. • Strong understanding of network and server security Nice to have: • Experience implementing, administering and creating custom dashboards for performance monitoring/Metrics • Azure / OCI / AWS Cloud – Working experience in Cloud Operations • Experience GIT & Knowledge on CI/CD (Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment) • RHCE, VSphere ESXi, Openstack, AZURE/AWS certifications • Knowledge on ksplice, Spacewalk, OEL (Oracle Linux)
Additional Requirements: Key responsibilities: • This position will be part of a talented team that is responsible for the growth, ongoing maintenance and development of a large-scale server farm running primarily on Linux and UNIX
