{
  "industry": "Any Industry",
  "raw_jd": "Job Title: SrDeveloper Java, Microservices,React.js\nLocation: N/A\nCountry: Lithuania\nExperience Required: N/A\n\nPrimary Skills: Microservices,React.js,Java\nSecondary Skills: JavaScript\n\nJob Description:\nAbout HCL HCLTech is a global technology company, spread across 60 countries, delivering industry-leading capabilities centered around digital, engineering, cloud and AI, powered by a broad portfolio of technology services and products. We work with clients across all major verticals, providing industry solutions for Financial Services, Manufacturing, Life Sciences and Healthcare, Technology and Services, Telecom and Media, Retail and CPG, and Public Services. We’re powered by our people - a global, diverse, multi-generational talent - representing 161 nationalities whose unique spark, perspective and boundless passion drive our culture of proactive value creation and problem-solving.Our purpose is to bring together the best of technology and our people to supercharge progress for everyone, everywhere - our clients, partners, their stakeholders, communities, and the planet. As a company, we are deeply focused on accelerating our ESG agenda. We are also creating technology-enabled sustainable solutions with and for our clients and partners. We embed ESG imperatives into every aspect of our business and ensure that the progress we supercharge is responsible, inclusive and beneficial to all our stakeholders in the long term. We have committed to achieving net zero by 2040.To learn more about how we can supercharge progress for you, visit www.hcltech.comJob Summary The Senior Developer will be responsible for developing applications using Java, Microservices, and React. The primary focus will be on implementing, and maintaining high-quality software solutions that meet client requirements.Key Responsibilities 1. Developing scalable and secure java applications2. Building and implementing microservices architecture to enhance application performance3. Developing user-friendly interfaces using react for efficient user interaction4. Collaborating within team to define, and ship new features5. Writing clean, maintainable, and efficient code6. Troubleshooting and debugging to optimize performance7. Conducting code reviews and providing feedback for improvements8. Keeping up to date with industry trends and technologiesSkill Requirements 1. Proficiency in java programming language and related frameworks2. Experience in designing and building microservices using spring boot or similar frameworks3. Strong knowledge of frontend technologies including react, javascript, html, and css4. Familiarity with restful apis and web services5. Ability to work in an agile development environment6. Good problem-solving skills and attention to detail7. Good communication and collaboration abilities8. Bachelors or masters degree in computer science or related fieldMust Have Skills MicroservicesReact.jsJavaGood to have Skills Other Requirements : Relevant certifications in Java, Microservices, or React are a plus\n\nAdditional Requirements:\nNone"
}