Industry: Technology
We are seeking to hire an Angular Developer to join our team! As an Angular Developer, you will be asked to build high-performing web applications using numerous Angular software. As an Angular Developer, your role in the company may include building a top-quality coding base, single page application (SPA) with java coding, and optimal applications for our user base. You will also be required to collaborate with UX designers, backend developers, and project managers to create software solutions that fulfill business needs. ‍ ‍ Roles and Responsibilities ‍ Design and develop high-performing and responsive web applications using Angular JS best practices. Write clean and efficient JavaScript, CSS, and HTML codes. Conduct product analysis tasks. Connect with other team members, such as UX designers, project managers, and back-developers to deliver quality work. Analyze and resolve debugging issues in the application code to maintain the sustainability of the application. Proficiency in JavaScript, TypeScript, Angular (v6 and above), HTML, and CSS. Manage all code compliance with respect to the standards set by the company. Coordinate with the backend team to create, test and execute code that merges with live streams and API endpoints. Create system configuration functions using a component-based architecture. Perform troubleshooting bugs and issue resolution. Hands-on experience in developing modularized or template-based implementation. Create User Interface for Modern Rich Internet Applications. Perform product analysis and development tasks that may require extensive research and analysis. Build application performance through JavaScript profiling and code optimization. ‍ ‍ Requirements and Skills ‍ Practical knowledge of AngularJS, Angular 2+, and TypeScript Bachelor’s degree in IT, computer science, computer engineering, or similar Good understanding of UI/UX design principles Excellent Node. JS and Express knowledge Experience with database technologies (e. g., MySQL and MongoDB) Problem-solving and analytical skills Strong knowledge of CSS, HTML, and writing cross-browser compatible code. Experience using JavaScript building tools like Gulp or Grunt Familiarity and sensibilities with UX and design application and execution Good comprehension of server-side CSS pre-processors such as Stylus, Less Comfortable with Java and JavaScript (workflow and decision engines) Good understanding/familiarity with Kafka and Mongo Should be a team player and have strong attention to detail Excellent verbal and written communication skills
