{
  "industry": "Any Industry",
  "raw_jd": "Job Title: Lead Consultant\nLocation: N/A\nCountry: India\nExperience Required: N/A\n\nPrimary Skills: Mongo DB,Spring Boot,Java\nSecondary Skills: N/A\n\nJob Description:\nJob Summary   Responsible for leading technical teams in the development and implementation of Java, Spring Boot, MongoDB applications. Provide technical expertise, guidance, and support to ensure successful project delivery and system performance.   Good to Have Skill      Key Responsibilities    1. Lead and mentor technical teams in the design, development, testing, and deployment of java applications using spring boot framework.2. Architect and implement scalable and efficient solutions using mongodb for data storage and retrieval.3. Collaborate with cross functional teams to define technical requirements, architecture, and design for projects.4. Conduct code reviews, identify technical risks, and provide solutions to ensure high-quality code standards are maintained.5. Troubleshoot technical issues, performance bottlenecks, and provide recommendations for optimization.6. Stay updated on industry trends, best practices, and technology advancements to drive innovation within the team.   Skill Requirements    1. Proficient in java programming language with a strong understanding of object-oriented principles and design patterns.2. Handson experience in developing and deploying microservices using spring boot framework.3. In-depth knowledge of mongodb database with the ability to design efficient schemas and query optimization.4. Familiarity with cloud platforms, ci/cd pipelines, and containerization technologies.5. Strong problem-solving skills and ability to work in a fast paced agile environment.6. Excellent communication and leadership skills to effectively collaborate with stakeholders and drive technical initiatives forward.   Other Requirements  1. Relevant certifications in Java, Spring Boot, or MongoDB are a plus.\n\nAdditional Requirements:\nNone"
}