{
  "industry": "Any Industry",
  "raw_jd": "Job Title: Senior Process Associate\nLocation: N/A\nCountry: United Kingdom\nExperience Required: N/A\n\nPrimary Skills: HP UX\nSecondary Skills: N/A\n\nJob Description:\nAbout HCL HCLTech is a global technology company, spread across 60 countries, delivering industry-leading capabilities centered around digital, engineering, cloud and AI, powered by a broad portfolio of technology services and products. We work with clients across all major verticals, providing industry solutions for Financial Services, Manufacturing, Life Sciences and Healthcare, Technology and Services, Telecom and Media, Retail and CPG, and Public Services. We’re powered by our people - a global, diverse, multi-generational talent - representing 161 nationalities whose unique spark, perspective and boundless passion drive our culture of proactive value creation and problem-solving.Our purpose is to bring together the best of technology and our people to supercharge progress for everyone, everywhere - our clients, partners, their stakeholders, communities, and the planet. As a company, we are deeply focused on accelerating our ESG agenda. We are also creating technology-enabled sustainable solutions with and for our clients and partners. We embed ESG imperatives into every aspect of our business and ensure that the progress we supercharge is responsible, inclusive and beneficial to all our stakeholders in the long term. We have committed to achieving net zero by 2040.To learn more about how we can supercharge progress for you, visit www.hcltech.comJob Summary To oversee customer support operations, ensuring efficient data management, high-quality interactions, and continuous workflow improvements.Key Responsibilities 1. Direct The Resolution Of Customer Queries And Issues Via Email Or Chat, Ensuring Swift And Effective Responses.2. Managing Troubleshooting Tasks, Providing Effective Solutions, And Escalating Complex Issues To Higher Levels Of Support When Necessary3. Evaluate Operational Workflows, Identifying Inefficiencies And Suggesting Enhancements For Improvement.4. Ensure The Quality And Precision Of Processed Data And Customer Interactions Are Maintained At The Highest Standards.5. Oversee The Accurate Entry, Updating, And Management Of Data Across Multiple Systems And Databases.Skill Requirements Must Have Skills Good to have Skills Other Requirements\n\nAdditional Requirements:\nNone"
}